[templates/angular] Update angular template to support deployment to xmcloud (#1977)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

  * `[angular-xmcloud]` Add CloudSDK initialization on client side ([#1952](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1952))([#1957](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1957))([#1961](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1961))
  * `[angular-xmcloud]``[sitecore-jss-angular]` Add CDP Page View component to Angular XM Cloud add-on ([#1957](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1957))
* `[templates/vue]``[sitecore-jss-vue]` Vue version has been updated to 3.5

> * `[templates/angular]` Update dependencies and proxy build path value to be unix style path to support xmcloud deployment and spa monorepo in xmcloud foundation head ([#1977](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1977))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[templates/angular]` Update dependencies and proxy build path value to be unix style path to support xmcloud deployment and monorepo starter kit in xmcloud foundation head ([#1977](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1977))
```
